all right Brian what's up dude it's not
nearly as cool as that I can hang out
with you in person but here's what I got
so I'm gonna give you just a little bit
of soul first part here where it comes
in and goes so that's pretty much the
same as a tab that you sent me I'm just
hammering one out here this hammering
the open g string of the 5th fret of the
g string not his again and i put an 8th
fret of the B string tap the 13th fret
of the D string so
the cats are two games
you slide up a 15-7 through my big fear
of 10th fret pull off right now 15 it
does
cool all right that's the first part to
this part here
Oh
alright so that was a really spoke but
it's really the same pair you got to
force our six full level 9 14 quickly
and you guys sticks for level 9 42 13 18
16 make it on the next string you're
gonna have 10 9 14 12 that's a nineteen
seventeen seventeen sixteen seventeen
band on my team 19 you do like a woman d
looking shape here you're gonna go 16 17
16 so it's my D
so it works and we add it as a slide to
the first left to pull off so it's like
then well it's a little different than
those woods right in the tab so it's
like
then
continent as I'm president safari
private bar
really i just got practice in the build
of the speed just like you do man but
anyway and then we'll just stop with
that and then next time i'll send you
some more so again
I havin too much fun playing distortion
on my house I don't get flooding enough
I do better better start coming to the
lesson so I get to hang with you man
because this is cool but I like seeing
you face to face up I'm acidity of peace
here's the stop button there it is